CIA Agent: A lot of loyality for a hired gun!

Bane: Or perhaps he was wondering why someone would shoot a man before throwing him out of a plane.

CIA Agent: At least you can talk. Who are you?

Bane: It doesn’t matter who we are. What matters is our plan. No one cared who I was until I put on the mask.

CIA Agent (talking about Bane’s mask): If I pull this off, will you die?

Bane: It would be extremely painful…

CIA Agent: You’re a big guy.

Bane: … for you.

CIA Agent: Was getting caught part of your plan?

Bane: Of course. Dr Pavel refused our offer in favour of yours. We had to find out what he told you.

CIA Agent: Well, congratulations, you got yourself caught. What’s the next step of your master plan?

Bane: Crashing this plane… with no survivors!





Bane: No! They expect one of us in the wreckage, brother!

Mercenary: Have we started a fire?

Bane: Yes. The fire rises.





Bane: Calm down, Doctor. Now is not the time for fear… that comes later.





Bane: Why are you here?

Thug: Answer him!

Bane: I was asking you.

Thug: It’s the Police Commissoner.

Bane: And you brought him down here?

Thug: We didn’t know what to do. We -

Bane: You panicked. And your weakness has cost three lives.

Thus: No, he’s alone.

Bane: Search him. Then I will kill you.

(Gordon escapes…)

Thug: He’s dead.

Bane: So show me his body.

Thug: That water runs to any one of the outflows. We’d never find him.

Bane: Follow him.





Trader: This is the stock exchange. There’s no money here for you to steal.

Bane: Really? Then why are you people here?





Mercenary: They cut the fiber. Cell’s working.

Bane: For now. How much longer does the program need?

Mercenary: Eight minutes.

Bane: Time to go mobile.

(takes helmet from frightened trader)

Bane: Thank you.





Daggett: Where is the masked -

Bane: Speak of the devil… and he shall appear.

Daggett: What the hell’s going on?

Bane: The plan is proceeding as expected.

Daggett: Do I look like I’m running Wayne Enterprises? Your hit on the stock exchange didn’t work, my friend. And now you’ve got my construction crews working all hours around the city. How’s that supposed to help my company absorb Wayne’s?

Bane (to Stryver): Leave us.

Daggett: You stay right there. I’m in charge here.

Bane: Do you feel in charge?

Daggett: I’ve paid you a small fortune.

Bane: And this gives you power over me? … Your money and infrastructure have been important… ‘til now.

Daggett: What are you?

Bane: I’m Gotham’s reckoning. Here to end the borrowed time you’ve all been living on.

Daggett: You’re pure evil.

Bane: I’m necessary evil.





Batman: You’ve made a serious mistake.

Bane: Not as serious as yours, I fear.

Batman: Bane…

Bane: Let’s not stand on ceremony here, Mr Wayne. … Peace has cost you your strength. Victory has defeated you. … Theatricality and deception are powerful agents to the uninitiated. But we are initiated, aren’t we Bruce? Members of the League of Shadows. And you betrayed us!

Batman: Us? You were excommunicated. From a gang of psychopaths.

Bane: I am the League of Shadows, here to fulfil Ra’s Al Ghul’s destiny! … You fight like a younger man. Nothing held back. Admirable, but mistaken. … Ah, you think darkness is your ally? You merely adopted the dark. I was born in it. Molded by it. I didn't see the light until I was already a man, and by then it was nothing to me but blinding! The shadows betray you, because they belong to me! … I’ll show you where I have made my home while preparing to bring justice. Then, I will break you. … Your precious armory. Gratefully accepted. We will need it. … Ah yes, I wondered what would break first- your spirit … or your body.





Bruce Wayne: Why didn’t you just kill me?

Bane: You don’t fear death. You welcome it. Your punishment must be more severe.

Bruce Wayne: Torture?

Bane: Yes. But not of your body… of your soul.

Bruce Wayne: Where am I?

Bane: Home. Where I learned the truth about despair. As will you. There is a reason that this prison is the worst hell on earth- hope. Every man who has rotted here over the centuries has looked up to the light and imagined climbing to freedom. So simple. So easy. And like shipwrecked men turning to sea water for uncontrollable thirst, many have died trying. I learned here that there can be no true despair without hope. So as I terrorize Gotham, I will feed its people hope to poison their souls. I will let them believe they can survive so you can watch them clamber over each other to stay in the sun. You will watch as I torture an entire city to cause you pain you thought you could never feel again. Then, when you have truly understood the depths of your failure, we will fulfil Ra’s Al Ghul’s destiny. We will destroy Gotham. And when it is done, and Gotham is… ashes… then you have my permission to die.





Bane: How good of you to join us Chair, President. I also need one ordinary member. Mr Fox, would you care to nominate?





Bane: Turn it on. … I only need one other board member. There are eight more waiting. … Do your work. … Take them to the surface. People of their status deserve to see the next era of Western civilization.





Dr Pavel: It is done. This is now a four-megaton nuclear bomb.

Bane: Pull the core out of the reactor.

Dr Pavel: You can’t! This is the only power source capable of sustaining it. If you remove it, the core will decay in a matter of months.

Bane: Five, by my calculations.

Dr Pavel: And then it will go off.

Bane: For the sake of your children Dr Pavel, I hope it does.





Bane: What a lovely, lovely voice.





Bane. Let the games begin.





Bane: Gotham, take control… take control of your city. … This is the instrument of your liberation. … Identify yourself to the world.

Dr Pavel: Dr Leonid Pavel, nuclear physicist.

Bane: And what, what is this?

Dr Pavel: A fully primed neutron bomb, with a blast radius of six miles.

Bane: And who can disarm this device?

Dr Pavel: Only me.

Bane: Oh dear… The bomb is armed. The bomb is mobile. The identity of the triggerman is a mystery. One of you holds the detonator. We come not as conquerors, but as liberators, to return control of this city to the people. At the first sign of interference from the outside world, or of people attempting to flee, this anonymous Gothamite, this unsung hero, will trigger the bomb. Martial law is in effect. Return to your homes. Hold your families close. And wait. Tomorrow you claim what is rightfully yours.





Bane: Behind you is a symbol of oppression- Blackgate Prison. Where a thousand men have languished for years, under the Dent Act. Under the name of this man- Harvey Dent. Held up to you as a shining example of justice. You have been supplied with a false idol, a straw man, to placate, to stop you tearing down this corrupt city. Let me tell you the truth about Harvey Dent in the words of Gotham’s Police Commissioner, James Gordon.





Bane: Do you accept this man’s resignation?! Do you accept the resignations of all these liars?! Of all the corrupt?! … We take Gotham from the corrupt, the rich. The oppressors of generations who’ve kept you down with the myth of opportunity. And we give it to you, the people. Gotham is yours, none shall interfere. Do as you please. But start by storming Blackgate and freeing the oppressed! … Step forward, those who would serve, for an army will be raised. The powerful will be ripped from their decadent nests and cast into the cold world the rest of us have known and endured. Courts will be convened. Spoils will be enjoyed. Blood will be shed. The police will survive, until they are ready to serve true justice. This great city will endure. Gotham will survive.





Captain Jones: I’ll die before I talk.

Bane: I’m on your schedule Captain. 

Mercenary: There were people living upstairs.

Bane: Give them over for judgement. And hang them for the world to see.





Bane (about Miranda/Talia): Bring her to me.





Bane: Impossible. Keep her close. He’ll come for her.





Bane: Open fire.





Bane: You came back to die with your city.





Bane: I broke you. How have you come back?

Batman: You thought you were the only one who could find the strength to escape? 

Bane: But I never escaped.





Bane (to young Talia): Goodbye





Bane: We both know I have to kill you now. You’ll just have to imagine the fire!